Update midea.rst (#4324)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/climate/midea.rst

    Control is possible with a custom dongle. Example of hardware implementation is `IoT Uni Dongle <https://github.com/dudanov/iot-uni-dongle>`_ or `Midea SLWF-01pro <https://smartlight.me/smart-home-devices/wifi-devices/wifi-dongle-air-conditioners-midea-idea-electrolux-for-home-assistant>`_ (`CloudFree <https://cloudfree.shop/product/ductless-hvac-wi-fi-module/>`_, `Tindie <https://www.tindie.com/products/smartlightme/wifi-dongle-for-air-conditioners-midea-electrolux>`_).

> The Midea air conditioner requires UART communication at **5V logic levels**. It is **not compatible with 3.3V logic levels**. Use a logic level shifter if building your own dongle. 
> 
> .. code-block:: yaml
> 
>     uart:
>       tx_pin: GPIO16      # TX Pin for sending data (Serial 2 on ESP32)
>       rx_pin: GPIO17      # RX Pin for receiving data (Serial 2 on ESP32)
>       baud_rate: 9600     # Communication baud rate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Midea air conditioner requires the UART to be configured with ``baud_rate: 9600``.  The hardware requires **5V logic levels** and does not appear to work with 3.3V logic levels. Use a logic level shifter if building your own dongle. 
```
